# BinanceFuturesAPI

The API for Binance Futures.

## Current Status

This is a work in progress.

**DO NOT USE** in any production environment.

## Background

`BinanceFuturesAPI.APIClient` has been generated by
- exporting the the Binance-provided postman collection
- converting it to OpenAPI 3.0.3 using [postman2openapi](https://github.com/kevinswiber/postman2openapi)
- adding definitions for the return types missing in the postman collection (using the official Binance Futures API documentation
  and Claude/Anthropic AI assistant)
- converting the OpenAPI file to Julia, using the [OpenAPI Codegen](https://github.com/openapitools/openapi-generator)
- editing the yaml file for (somewhat) consistent calling conventions

Please see [Binance Futures API](https://developers.binance.com/docs/derivatives/) for more details.

Details for the generated API is in [./APIClient/README.md](./APIClient/README.md).

## Internals

The calling convention for the API calls is as follows:
- all parameters except the `client` are optional and called as keyword arguments, using snake_case names, even when they are **required** by the API.
- a required `timestamp` parameter is added automatically.
- a required `signature` parameter is added automatically (generated from the API secret key).



## Usage

```julia
using BinanceFuturesAPI

cl = Client("https://fapi.binance.com", "your_api_key", "your_api_secret")
info = exchange_info(cl)

println(info.rate_limits)

```

# TODOs

## try to fix inconsistent return types.

E.g. `book_ticker()` returns something we need to access using `response[n].value["symbol"]`, whereas we can access the result of `exchange_info()` using `response.timezone`.

## fix broken (`@test_skip`) tests

- in OrderAPI
- in TradeAPI

## get Julia's `Documenter`  working.
